[doc][kuberay] update the doc for kuberay autoscaler changes for 2.41.0 (#51319)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/user-guides/configuring-autoscaling.md

      - name: ray-worker
        resources:
          limits:

>             # The Ray Autoscaler before 2.41.0 will fail to start if the CPU resource limit for the worker

Author: Hi @andrewsykim, an admonition has been added. PTAL.

            # container is commented out because `rayStartParams` is empty.

>             # The Ray Autoscaler string from 2.41.0 will not fail but use the resource requests if the resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # The Ray Autoscaler starting from 2.41.0 will not fail but use the resource requests if the resource
```

      - name: ray-worker
        resources:
          limits:

>             # The Ray Autoscaler before 2.41.0 will fail to start if the CPU resource limit for the worker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            # The Ray Autoscaler versions older than 2.41.0 will fail to start if the CPU resource limit for the worker
```
